M0090IDE-3910 JRE must not be used to install and launch the SDK (#417)
MicroEJ/docs: SDKUserGuide/systemRequirements.rst

System Requirements
===================

- **Hardware :**
   - Intel x64 (Dual-core i5 minimum) or Mac M1 processor
   - 4GB RAM (minimum)
   - 2GB Disk (minimum)

- **Operating Systems :**
   - Windows 10, Windows 8.1 or Windows 8
   - Linux distributions (tested on Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04 and 22.04) - As of SDK Distribution ``20.10`` (based on Eclipse 2020-06), Ubuntu 16.04 is not supported.
   - macOS with Intel chip (tested on version 10.13 High Sierra, 10.14 Mojave)
   - macOS with Apple M1 chip (tested on version 12.0.1 Monterey), from SDK Distribution ``22.06``

- **Java :**

The compatible JRE/JDK version depends on the Distribution, the SDK and the Architecture version.
This table lists the supported combinations:

.. list-table:: 
   :widths: auto
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Distribution
     - SDK
     - Architecture
     - JRE/JDK
   * - 22.06
     - 5.6.0

>      - > 7.17

Author: Shouldn't the architecture' version be minimum 7.17 instead of >7.17 ?

Reviewer: Right, good catch. Done.

   - Windows 10, Windows 8.1 or Windows 8
   - Linux distributions (tested on Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04 and 22.04) - As of SDK Distribution ``20.10`` (based on Eclipse 2020-06), Ubuntu 16.04 is not supported.
   - macOS with Intel chip (tested on version 10.13 High Sierra, 10.14 Mojave)
   - macOS with Apple M1 chip (tested on version 12.0.1 Monterey)

- **Java :**
   - JDK 11 (Oracle JDK or other OpenJDK build: tested on AdoptOpenJDK/Eclipse Adoptium)

.. warning::

>    A full JDK is required to run Eclipse, so please ensure that you do not use a JRE to install and launch the SDK. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Starting from the SDK Distribution 22.06, a JDK is required to install and launch it, so please ensure that you do not use a JRE.
```
